So since I've changed some specialities, I've broken some specialities icons in main menu hero select :P Also, Nagash's speciality icon shows Gold instead of Darkness
These updates targets advanturers and heroes that have spell specialies to make them able to get Battlemage class and have one warrior class skill. After that I'll target heroes for whom Hunter and Druid class will be suitable.
Adventurers are changed to correspond to their skills chances

Estates +5A +4W +3M --> +6A +4W +2M
Nimbus to Earth specialist from Air (didn't implement it yet)

Weakness, Stone Skin, Bloodlust, Slayer specialists from :15 to :10, Disrupting ray speciliasts from :15 to :8.
Removed many bonus starting class points
Adela +5W -5A
Adelaide Water Magic and Mysticism instead of Adv. Wisdom, 1 bonus knowledge
Aeris basic armourer, offense
Rissa starts with master gremlins
Iona starts with 1 genie
Theodorus with Water Magic and Archery instead of Wisdom and Ballistics, Teleport instead of Shield, starting army is two 4-5 stacks of Mages and 5-7 stack of Stone Gargoyles.
Cyra starts with Air magic instead of Leadership, Artilery instead of Diplomacy, starts with ballista.
Olema Water Magic instead of Wisdom
Xarfax Mysticism instead of Wisdom
Octavia Eagle Eye -> Diplomacy
Calid Learning -> Diplomacy
Ash Fire Magic and Warfare instead of Wisdom and Eagle Eye, gets +1 point to M. and W. class
Isra is now a Shadow Stalker (necropolis adventurer) (didn't implement yet)
Clavius from Estates specialist to Offense, starts with offense. Is still an adventurer.
Nagash starts with Logistics instead of Intelligence
Damacon is is now a Medusa Specialist
Jeddite starts with Estates and Scouting instead of Adv. Wisdom
Deemer Earth and Intelligence instead Wisdom and Scouting
Sephironth is an Estates specialist instead of Diplomacy, starts with adv. Estates instead of Diplomacy and Logistics
Darkstorn starts with Warfare instead of Wisdom, +6 to W -4 to M since it's hard to get might abilities for Warlock
Terek Offense instead of Wisdom
Vey Warfare instead of Wisdom
ballista Zubin
Dessa Scouting instead of Diplomacy
Voy Estates -> Pathfinding
Mirlanda starts with Water and Fire instead of adv. Wisdom, gets +1 point to M. and W. class, fire shield in addition to Weakness
Merist starts with Pathfinding and Logistics
Styg Frost ring and Water instead of Fireball and Fire
Tiva starts with Advanced Learning instead of Basic to match Gelare.
Labetha starts with First Aid instead of Wisdom, starts with First Aid Tent gets +1 point to M. and A. class
Brissa starts with Luck instead of Wisdom, gets +1 point to M. and W. class